README.md, before:

Local Plugin - Custom Navigation
======================

Information
-----------

This plugin allow add new menu items at the end of Navigation Menu in order to customize your options menu.

Version  
-------
Moodle 3.4+ , 3.3+ and 3.2+

TO INSTALL:

Git way
- To install it using git, type this command in the root of your Moodle install:
```
git clone git@github.com:cescobedo/moodle-local_navigation.git local/navigation
```

Download way
- Download the zip from <https://github.com/cescobedo/moodle-local_navigation/archive/master.zip>
- Unzip it into  local/ folder in your Moodle,
- Rename the new folder "moodle-local_navigation-master" to "navigation"
- Enjoy!!!

New features
- Add master nodes in Boost Menu Navigation.
- Add a tooltip into menu nodes.
- Add language code for displaying the line to users of the specified language only.
- Add support to use Moodle translate in the first argument on the line using this way,   "langstringname, componentname".

Author
------
Carlos Escobedo
- <http://www.twitter.com/carlosagile>
- <https://coderwall.com/carlosagile>

Commit message:

Add privacy implementation for local_navigation

README.md, after:

Local Plugin - Custom Navigation
======================

Information
-----------

This plugin allow add new menu items at the end of Navigation Menu in order to customize your options menu.

Version  
-------
Moodle 3.5+, 3.4+ , 3.3+ and 3.2+

TO INSTALL:

Git way
- To install it using git, type this command in the root of your Moodle install:
```
git clone git@github.com:cescobedo/moodle-local_navigation.git local/navigation
```

Download way
- Download the zip from <https://github.com/cescobedo/moodle-local_navigation/archive/master.zip>
- Unzip it into  local/ folder in your Moodle,
- Rename the new folder "moodle-local_navigation-master" to "navigation"
- Enjoy!!!

New features
- Privacy Subsystem implementation for auth_dev. <https://docs.moodle.org/dev/Privacy_API>
- Add master nodes in Boost Menu Navigation.
- Add a tooltip into menu nodes.
- Add language code for displaying the line to users of the specified language only.
- Add support to use Moodle translate in the first argument on the line using this way,   "langstringname, componentname".

Author
------
Carlos Escobedo
- <http://www.twitter.com/carlosagile>
- <https://coderwall.com/carlosagile>
